INA228/INA229, INA238/INA239, INA237 power/energy/charge monitor (I2C, SPI) - Documentation (#3571)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/ina2xx.rst

 `INA238 <http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/ina238.pdf>`__     I²C       85-V, 16-Bit, High-Precision Power Monitor
 `INA239 <http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/ina239.pdf>`__     SPI       85-V, 16-Bit, High-Precision Power Monitor
 `INA237 <http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/ina237.pdf>`__     I²C       85-V, 16-Bit, Precision Power Monitor
========================================================== ========== ==========================================================

All devices can measure a selectable full-scale differential input of ±163.84 mV
or ±40.96 mV across the shunt with common-mode voltage support from –0.3 V to +85 V.

INA228 and INA229 are the most comprehensive devices of the family with extra features: 20-bit ADC resolution,
energy and charge accumulation, and capability to utilize the temperature measurement to compensate 
for shunt resistor temperature variance.

Over I²C
--------
Use ``ina2xx_i2c`` component to connect INA228, INA237, or INA238 device over :ref:`I²C <i2c>` bus. 

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry for I²C

>     i2c:
>       sda: D1
>       scl: D2
>         

Reviewer: We do not include prerequisite component configuration in examples.
```suggestion
```

  ``1052 us``, ``2074 us``, ``4120 us``.

  Instead of one time for all ADC measurements, separate configuration of conversion times for shunt voltage, 
  bus voltage, and temperature measurements possible. Options are the same as for ``adc_time``.

  - **bus_voltage** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for bus voltage measurement.
  - **shunt_voltage** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for shunt voltage measurement.
  - **temperature** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for temperature measurement.

- **adc_averaging** (*Optional*, integer): Selects ADC sample averaging count. Defaults to ``128``. 
  Valid values are ``1``, ``4``, ``16``, ``64``, ``128``, ``256``, ``512``, ``1024``.
- **temperature_coefficient** (*Optional*, integer from ``0`` to ``16383``): Temperature coefficient (ppm/°C) of the 
  shunt for temperature compensation correction. Only applicable to INA228 and INA229 devices. Zero value means 
  no compensation is done. Defaults to ``0``.
- **update_interval** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The interval to check the sensor. Defaults to ``60s``.

> - All other options for I²C device as descibed in respective documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>` and :ref:`I²C device <i2c>`.
```

Over SPI
--------

Use ``ina2xx_spi`` component to connect INA229 or INA239 device over :ref:`SPI <spi>` bus. 

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry for SPI

>     spi:
>       clk_pin: D0
>       mosi_pin: D1
>       miso_pin: D2
>         

Reviewer: As above
```suggestion
```

    sensor:
      - platform: ina2xx_spi

>         cs_pin: D3

Reviewer: For pin numbers, we're now using this pattern (to force people to use their own pin(s)).
```suggestion
        cs_pin: GPIOXX
```

  ``1052 us``, ``2074 us``, ``4120 us``.

  Instead of one time for all ADC measurements, separate configuration of conversion times for shunt voltage, 
  bus voltage, and temperature measurements possible. Options are the same as for ``adc_time``.

  - **bus_voltage** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for bus voltage measurement.
  - **shunt_voltage** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for shunt voltage measurement.
  - **temperature** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): Conversion time for temperature measurement.

- **adc_averaging** (*Optional*, integer): Selects ADC sample averaging count. Defaults to ``128``. 
  Valid values are ``1``, ``4``, ``16``, ``64``, ``128``, ``256``, ``512``, ``1024``.
- **temperature_coefficient** (*Optional*, integer from ``0`` to ``16383``): Temperature coefficient (ppm/°C) of the 
  shunt for temperature compensation correction. Only applicable to INA228 and INA229 devices. Zero value means 
  no compensation is done. Defaults to ``0``.
- **update_interval** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-time`): The interval to check the sensor. Defaults to ``60s``.

> - All other options for SPI device as descibed in respective documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>` and :ref:`SPI device <spi>`.
```

Sensors
-------
The component offers nine sensors. You can configure all or any subset of the sensors. Each configured sensor 

> is reported  separately on each update_interval. The ``name`` option is required for each sensor configured. 
> All other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>`. Shorthand notation can be used for the sensors like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is reported  separately on each update_interval. The ``name`` option is required for each sensor configured; 
all other options from :ref:`Sensor <config-sensor>` are also supported. Shorthand notation can be used for the sensors like this:
```
